README.md, before:

# PokemonTCG, shared Repo

This is where we edit and share our files to each other.\
There are four respositories:\

1. GameHub: Jack, Renat, Eric, and Ming. 
2. BrightTide: Stacy and Moira
3. RoaringHeat: Lucien and Tom
4. ForestShadow: Philip and Jamie 

Wherever your name is you will work in that respository.\
So your partner(s) can see what you do, and at the same time you can edit it.\
There is an empty file in all of the directories just delete it.

It would be useful to communicate what you have done by logging. \
You should edit the README, there will be a section for it. Under section **LOG** you should put the date of the day you done work, your name, the work you have done and an additional message to who you are communication. 

## LOG

To add in the table you put the | symbol under the last log and the seperate each column with it.


| Date | Name | What have you done? | To whom? : Additional message | 
| ---- | ---- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| 14/11/17 | Bright Tide Team | Deciding which functions we need | To GameHub: Look in our docx file for the functions |
| 16/11/17 | Game Hub Team | Majority of UML structure finished | To other teams: please, give us a list of functions for the game hub |
| 20/11/2017 | Bright Tide Team | added cards 7 cards | Stacy add the rest of the cards (total 8) |
| 20/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Added the start of core game code with a simple example of loading a card from json and python, needs work on error protection, and parsing the rest of the properties/card types |   Continue to write the cards and report any required functions. |
| 21/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Added Trainer Card Example: Card 119 | Write Trainer Cards plz |
| 21/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Advanced the UML, split the componets of player into seperate objects for card groups. Also started to define the Game API. |  |
| DATE ADD | TEAM ADD | COMMENTS ADD | FOR OTHERS |

Commit message:

Simplified card class heirarchy by condensing all trainer cards into one class with a type enum. Also added some useful functions. Started to provide a basic implementation for testing. Pokemon cards can now be fully loaded from json and python with the exception of abilities.

README.md, after:

# PokemonTCG, shared Repo

This is where we edit and share our files to each other.\
There are four respositories:\

1. GameHub: Jack, Renat, Eric, and Ming. 
2. BrightTide: Stacy and Moira
3. RoaringHeat: Lucien and Tom
4. ForestShadow: Philip and Jamie 

Wherever your name is you will work in that respository.\
So your partner(s) can see what you do, and at the same time you can edit it.\
There is an empty file in all of the directories just delete it.

It would be useful to communicate what you have done by logging. \
You should edit the README, there will be a section for it. Under section **LOG** you should put the date of the day you done work, your name, the work you have done and an additional message to who you are communication. 

## LOG

To add in the table you put the | symbol under the last log and the seperate each column with it.


| Date | Name | What have you done? | To whom? : Additional message | 
| ---- | ---- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| 14/11/17 | Bright Tide Team | Deciding which functions we need | To GameHub: Look in our docx file for the functions |
| 16/11/17 | Game Hub Team | Majority of UML structure finished | To other teams: please, give us a list of functions for the game hub |
| 20/11/2017 | Bright Tide Team | added cards 7 cards | Stacy add the rest of the cards (total 8) |
| 20/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Added the start of core game code with a simple example of loading a card from json and python, needs work on error protection, and parsing the rest of the properties/card types |   Continue to write the cards and report any required functions. |
| 21/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Added Trainer Card Example: Card 119 | Write Trainer Cards plz |
| 21/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Advanced the UML, split the componets of player into seperate objects for card groups. Also started to define the Game API. |  |
| 21/11/17 | Game Hub Team |  Simplified card class heirarchy by condensing all trainer cards into one class with a type enum. Also added some useful functions. Started to provide a basic implementation for testing. Pokemon cards can now be fully loaded from json and python with the exception of abilities. | TODO: Add the card pool class to UML, finish the Game API. |
